so this is the sony ericsson mix walkman
it's a pay-as-you-go Java operated
handset with all the Walkman features
that you grow to associate with Sony
Ericsson arm as you can see it still has
a very similar look to Android in terms
of you've got the home screens and a
fork or new user interface that you can
use as well dragon up and receive the
menu feels like that it comes in from
quite powerful 800 megahertz processor
and it has about 100 megabytes of
internal memory however you can expand
that with the microSD card that's
available it takes up to a French two
gigabyte home the urban it's the memory
card comes from a 3.2 megapixel camera
with no flash unfortunate but it still
takes a fairly decent picture and it
will do video vga video as well
obviously the big cell of the mix
walkman however is the walk with
features so I'm going to go into the
Walkman features now as you can see and
show you to the coolest features with
this device the first feature being
zapping zapping allows you to preview 15
seconds of the chorus of each of songs
it's an easy way of browsing through
your music library and finding the sonic
you want quickly and easily by prying
the music and then hitting the zapping
button
as you can see will now start to play
the track and you'll see in a minute
they'll skip to the next trap as you can
see there hit the SAP button again and
it will actually just start saying that
song in the start as you can see now the
other cool feature that has as well is
it is a karaoke feature now this is a
really cool feature because you can sing
along with your friends and family or
just make yourself look silly in the
mirror touch the karaoke bar and it will
display the lyrics on the screen hit
play and it will start playing the trap
size you'll see in a minute on the
screen just go Navy coming up
so as a builder and that's the sony
ericsson mix walkman and i believe was
just come after their own vodafone for
80 pounds yes correct yes I go thank you